will you be part of the massive layoffs
that look like they're happening right
now you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you have we seen the
end of this recession and now we've soft
landed and we are now headed for better
and better statistics coming through
well look at the last GDP numbers that
came out apparently the economy is
growing the unemployment rate is so low
is any of that real in today video we're
going to talk about the truth instead I
want to show you what's actually going
on and we are going to bring up some
data that will be shocking to some but
not to those who are regular viewers of
this channel let's begin first thing we
need to figure out what's going on well
you'll see this now you know you go into
the stores and I couldn't believe this
for myself I believe it was CVS okay and
what they're showing you here is they
have products regular everyday products
instead of just having them on on the
Shelf other stores are locking them up
but in this store if you want your
toilet paper you've got to push a button
wait for the staff member to come and
see you and then they're going to bring
that to you look the the stuff is in a
picture frame I mean you couldn't make
this up but that's the world we live in
today so keep that frame in mind as we
move through this video it's shocking
the things I hear about
I mean it is just a warning that this is
coming to an end all of the nonsense is
coming right now to an end look the
numbers absolutely do not work it's a
fantasy this is Stanley dren Miller one
of the most legendary investors of all
time and he's with Paul tutor Jones
which was amazing to see the two of them
together that's the underlying reality
of the entire Global Financial construct
low rates made it all possible and low
rates are the only mathematical quote
unquote solution to sustainability all
roads lead to intervention absolutely at
some point they're going to have to cut
interest rates and print a lot of money
not now but at some point and the longer
this goes on for of course the more
devastating it's going to be and that
means that they're going to need to
brend even more money at the end of the
day that is what they do that's all the
central banks can do and so dry Miller
is basically just talking about what has
happened recently and I want to make
note of it you have the government they
need to spend money and they do so when
they do that it's not as if they just
snap their fingers although kind of is
we got to understand they do this and
they have to take their debt package it
up and sell that to an investor they do
it at these auctions and so what happens
is you have a bunch of buyers let's say
okay we're going to sell a billion
dollars of of this debt they sell that
debt at a certain rate okay we're going
to sell 10 year at 5% we're going to
sell 30 year at 5.1% whatever the case
is so you get all these buyers okay okay
great but the more debt that they're
issuing it basically means that they
have to increase those numbers not 5% oh
it's going to be 5.2 it's going to be
5.5 it's going to be six on and on on
and on and so what drun Miller saying is
they can't pay this back how are they
offering this they cannot pay it back
and so that is a big big issue right
here because it means that at the end of
the day the Federal Reserve has to come
in and print cash like never before to
me that is extremely worrisome for all
those people out there who were waiting
and pleading and begging for some sort
of moment when we can get prices to come
down to a reasonable level that our
inflation wouldn't be so bad that we
could just pay the bills like normal but
unfortunately it looks like this by the
way
intentional is happening and we're going
to see the effects of it and it will be
unlike anything we've seen it be worse
than the 1970s and we're going to go
back into a time in which people you
know nobody today has experienced that's
that's the reality of these
circumstances I have done the studying I
have seen the patterns I have recognize
these and it is an unfortunate
circumstance for many how they will
suffer this is interesting okay so this
is a report from the Dallas fed and look
at the second note in a consumer
business we are hearing a lot more quote
I can't afford this than we ever ever
had before directly from the FED they're
saying that they're they're getting the
quotes and they put that through I can't
afford this things are too expensive
everything's too expensive today but
does that mean that they're going to
bring their prices down hasn't seemed
that way did you hear about McDonald's
oh yeah the stock went up like crazy why
was that because they brought their
prices up even further I'm pretty sure
they said they were going to stop
bringing their prices up but they inched
them up even more in some places a Big
Mac combo was in the US it was $13 and
change other places went as high as $18
I don't know how that could even be but
you're not getting exactly the best food
I don't know if people eat it you know
I'm not trying to say anything to you
but you know
$18 $13 even
unbelievable the way that the prices
have come up do you do you have any say
on this what do you think you got
companies like McDonald's increasing the
prices but they're not the only ones
it's not oh McDonald's you're bad every
company seems to be doing this in my
personal circumstance uh in my business
I have left the price the same for years
now and it's trust me I'm getting
squeezed is squeezing me big time very
much so and you know youy your best to
keep prices so that the consumers are
able to afford it still you know there
is a certain
ceiling so that's anyway that's my point
less Boo for your buck for the second
Halloween in a row Us candy inflation
hits double
digits and you know this is the time of
year where people are buying up the
candy they're going they're buying it in
bulk getting these little chocolate bars
and things but the prices of that has
has gone up dramatically so just over
the past couple years and of course I
mean it's nonsense I mean whoever
believes the numbers that the government
shows it's just it's nonsense it is
complete nonsense I didn't know that
they had this by the way this index
they've got an index for everything but
you could see it us CPI candy and
chewing gum not seasonally adjusted and
you could see over the past couple years
just
skyrocketed all right part of that part
of that is the price of cocoa so that
has gone up of course if chocolate's
gone up well then you're going to get
everything down the line but what has
Hershey's done well yeah Hershey's has
increased their prices seven quarters in
a row seven quarters in a row I believe
it was and that was 7% at least 7% each
time does that add up to the 3%
inflation that we're being told let me
think nope all right well anyway what
else doesn't add up well health care
costs and by the way healthcare costs
even in socialist countries like Canada
it is still going up because not
everything is provided to you obviously
and if you want to skip the line the
very very very long line uh in some
cases well then you pay to play
but anyway a family's health insurance
cost nearly 24,000 this year after the
biggest increase in more than a decade
and so we can see that it's Healthcare
it's chocolate bars it's McDonald's
it's all services have gone up one by
one by one why what's happening what is
this all about well let's take a look
first at this home buyers are backing
out of deals at the highest rate in a
year as surging mortgage rates slam the
housing markets there is an issue here
that there's way too much debt and of
course people can't pay it so they're
backing out they're starting to say no
to those projects real estate developers
are starting to say no as well wave of
job Cuts probably just the beginning at
Canadian Banks Scotia Bank bimo RBC look
to reduce headcount they in fact have
been doing this other Banks
as well what about the crisis that's
going on at these banks in the United
States could be City could be Morgan
Stanley all of those you can see how
terrible they've been performing what do
we know for
sure
well understand this with the banks the
number one thing is that there are these
commercial real estate loans that are
out there that are not going to be paid
back we know that okay and so that's
going to be written WR off or written
down and that's a problem because
there's number one way too much but they
are
overwhelmingly related to the uh
Regional Banks the small Banks and these
companies here I mean their stocks are
taking a hit but of course their
companies overall can't afford these
things uh they can't afford to take the
hit like that so there's going to be
more failures there's going to be more
of a problem and people don't understand
how that's going to Tumble when you see
that there will be more bank failures
unless there's some sort of bailout un
unless there's some sort of measure that
comes in to change this they can go cut
interest rates today and maybe they go
and they you know you renegotiate that
debt remember commercial real estate is
operating on shorter time frames it's
not 30-year mortgages here and so
shorter time frames they're always
always always doing this they're always
trying to get uh you know refinancing
happening every so often the ownership
is Chang Changing Hands every few years
it's different than single family homes
in in the suburbs okay but One Bank
whether it's in the United States or
whether it's in Canada they're going to
experience a problem connected with the
debt because mortgage rates and interest
rates are too high and there are these
things that are affecting them and you
know they can't get around it the only
solution if we do not see if we don't
see interest rate Cuts coming in the
relatively near future these companies
are in big trouble and they could lay
off more and more and
more what will happen at these companies
if they lay people off well who would
have replace them in the end they need
to hire them back later right well not
exactly as Baby Boomers retire German
businesses turn to robots that's one
example just one what about
this Robo strop Fury as 13,000
robot used by Council to paint the lines
on the football pitches you see that as
well right lots of different robots out
there for everything flippy to the robot
you've heard of that Chippy the robot
aado these are real things my friends
okay I think it's crazy but that's where
we're at there's a cycle that's going on
right now where we are seeing people
that will be laid off but there's a
period of time maybe it's a recession
for a year maybe it's you know
unofficially a recession for a year
let's say but when they are ready to
come back economy starts growing well
then what happens well they don't need
them anymore because flippy the robots
doing that job now they were willing to
invest the $330,000 into Flippy and not
pay that money to that employee that
says they want a raise no we don't want
to give a raise well we don't want to do
deal with the increased healthare we'll
deal with the robots they got problems
we can fix them and so that's what's
going on look if you want information
based specifically around these
different conditions it could be
something about uranium it could be
what's happening with gold it could be
anything you want to know that specific
detail well then you can't just go
randomly online you've got to go to
where you know I find a lot of
information that is Seeking Alpha now
Seeking Alpha has the paid version which
I'll link to in the description which
looks like this when you go inside and
why I like that let me explain to you is
that when we have traditional articles
even the free stuff on Seeking Alpha
anywhere Bloomberg wherever they're not
really writing an article to inform you
they're doing so for search engine
optimization they need to bring eyeballs
in so you're getting an article that's
might not be the best information for
you but they need to stuff these
keywords in there and that's just the
way they're told okay and so we can see
that happening all the time but when you
pay when it's behind the pay wall when
this information isn't seen by the
search engines well then it makes it you
know gives the author basically freedom
to just write the best possible articles
to look at the best analyses give you
the best detail and not worry about all
that stuff so that's why I like it check
out the 7-Day free trial that they still
have going on right now the link is in
the description I hope you'll check that
out and we have the comment of the day
Anthony says I'd laugh
my off if Jamie Diamond uses the cash he
sold Jamie Diamond sold a bunch of stock
that cash to buy a big farm in the
middle of nowhere and retires from
banking wouldn't that be interesting to
see well I don't know what we're going
to look at in the near future but let me
tell you when Jamie Diamond or demon as
we call him when he sells off a big big
chunk of shares which he's never done
before when he's doing that what does it
tell you about what's happening with the
banks to me I think it's a little bit of
an indication of what's to come what do
you
think anything let me know in the
comments below let's have that
conversation going don't forget to hit
that thumbs up when you do you're
supporting the channel and of course
I'll see you on the next one take care